what's up my kids finally an
interview was about time no on this
occasion I want you to give her special
love since she's a youtuber that I
really loved she's won me over she's
a huge fan of the Disney world and shares
with me the dream of dubbing a
character she's the pioneer in the twenty
are so sung every week she shares with
us her best moments with her
family her friends with many other
youtubers she has some incredible numbers she
's growing every day that
many youtubers with millions of
subscribers would like and she is carla the oval
such but don't be well
[Music]
[Applause]
carla what's up
something
carla the grape lo the water
in my head that's the grape lo with an
accent but since I wrote it without an accent
in which it seemed to me and a dirty plan they didn't
want to do it bothered me and then
sorry people they tell me the water not
because it is understandable it's this one but
this one I don't care I don't care but for
me I have heard two ways it didn't
take it away from me the interview painting well a
pleasure character and free dance finally I
have here a youtuber with the  that I can
talk about disney finally
but anyway first let's get to
know you a little bit Carlos I've been
visiting your channel to be less stoned
well it was a milestone habit to start this
in February 2016 and in less than 11
months 100,000 subscribers you already have
some incredible numbers without the need for a
beige clip without the need for controversy
either it hasn't been involved in salcedo
what do you think is the key to the success
of your channel it's a little sudden I did
n't expect but maybe in
strong pg let's say
with something that I saw a lot at that
time which was young people showing
clothes and if I take advantage of things that
were fashionable like al express
for example the famous Chinese store and I
started there and for example
the black Chinese mask became fashionable
also stop using them because let me
tear off the skin
in fact it doesn't take away the
accumulated
7 tutorials it doesn't take away for me I do
n't know but that's also how I was
there because I liked these hobbies and that's it
and I said well
one day I had the wonderful idea to put
the video it's so fashionable that
current vision is that people will not
see the songs simply said
well my favorite such and better and
Claudia such and I think the same why don't we
pass this video that is so of
this
doing it singing yes and ico has been a
pioneer in that and I think that if I had not
seen any video that will be captured or
outstanding enchants like that of the first
videos that more respect is free and the
sung but the Disney one yes yes yes
that fire that the generous
you can play has been very successful the
normal one I'm going to do Disney and but yes yes
I got scared exactly not that I
remember the day before I had 16 thousand
subscribers I remember the name because
my grandfather asked me you have in
weeks and in gold I already have 16 thousand 99 and the
next day when I upload the video
suddenly and it was like with the
live numbers live I said and now
what
now that it was trending that video is
not really a little in trends
just this
I remember you trending with those at home that
was that
the only video if I alone that was
trending apart I
think it was twice more one that
was mega blowin and another with  1000 ojeda
how is it possible that in two years they'll keep
the same glasses because look I
have them here to show me look look at this
these are my glasses I
use them very little now because I have
the simple ones but I have to be here in
order to command the one that's here every time I'm
going to put it
on these glasses will be a couple of years old that's
why
their glasses channel icon will have like
moving without an envelope has the closet full
with the same polo like this they will have several
glasses these how old are these
glasses in reality 7 today at what height more
or less bits company you can tell that
people recognize you on the street I think it
was a little before what is established
and the first time it was the cashier the cashier
at IKEA who made me laugh a lot the
first time I've seen that she has had several
meetings she already counted the grapes the grapes months they are
worth it collapsed
it's like having friends but those who
have just met they know you
perfectly sometimes it's scary how much they
know you but I do
n't know why they are your friends I imagine that you will
already have known many of them because of
the avatars because of the names they will not
recognize it fact in which nothing is  so
more on twitter or instagram especially
that I talk to many months the names and
sometimes when I've seen them I say well
friend it has been
but a lot
when they don't give you a challenge and something
misses them what happens to you actually you have
your job are you not a teacher of
small children no no no no no no no
this summer ended
sad that one of the questions that I
had to prepare for you if you had to
choose you didn't have to choose with
virtue that you have a career I imagine
is one is a higher cycle
higher degree and has thought that art
on youtube leaves you parked that
scares me a little the future is how it was that what will
become of all this but the truth
is that I really like my job I liked it
a lot and in fact I
miss my children but I don't like it
too much in this world so we have to
think I would like to do something
related even if it is in a company or
I know something about video editing something of
that door from I would do video editing
as you say brand image a thousand
things and I would leave what you
are prepared for all your life for that reason if
with the content that you make you
going on camera  videos that you make and so
on, you watch your whole life, I mean
at 50 years old I'll be making the same
videos, it's a doubt that I feel like
with you all on YouTube and I also
do it to reflect mmmm and a little bit not
to know how long I'll go I do
n't know it's that of
course
the generation is called today we see it as
normal not among us
at our age and there are few
older people who do it but our
generation when they grow up of course it's going to be
something more normal maybe I imagine
in the future well grandparents also
explaining their opinion they already know how to handle
cameras cell phones and all this you
know how it's going to be normal actually
no I don't know I think so lady who does
a boxing of the Mercadona shopping
and your family how do you handle it
depends on if they see that I'm doing well it's like
when well but well above all my
parents don't
support me yet it
was like well I don't know you will know but I don't
know what are you doing leaving work because
what are you going to do you are going to go under a
bridge and I say let's see but it's that no don't you
understand that this is going
much better for me even that work
is like I need to leave work now
that I can I have  an age and first
adventure and try this because
maybe there is no permanent contract
it is like faithful to the typical jobs of a
normal life but this one to a normal degree
is on the internet at the moment but
he likes gases yes all the
videos and my mother does not but I already tell her
look sterile way if there is one that I
really like if I pass it and she says how
cool but without more I do not know how well she makes
videos on the internet
if in addition it is that I also spend time
recording with her
we laugh so much I do not know apart from the fact that
people like her and I also had a good time
in fact in one of your videos well in
several videos I have said that it even brings you closer
to your sister as a result of
starting to record montano that if a
girl
in fact starting to record together you have
had a rapprochement even
if we get along very well how is it
biblical not with another youtube
in my case that I am dating is not the
one because she is all day and giving you the one
that I hit you and editing in her room
locked up and the best but in others to
provide data it is good because the
material everything we share we
leave opinions  even or look it's
actually I've learned to edit with
final cut and this first one is a turn I do
n't know soft
we share things although you have to
help today with the camera today clearly I would
throw a couple to youtube
well it's complicated well well even it did
n't stop for the other person it's
complicated
the computer the one people say is
believed to be very serious if it happens to me all
day here it's very good here that comes from
the youtubers here to make a video without
being an advance haha ayala and uploads it the
hours of diction are there the time of
action you finish a video you already have to
be thinking about the next one you upload
the thumbnail the vignette
[Music]
answer comments be with people
I already do that a little I'm going to
answer a comment it would be crazy
but for example yes it's true that you
're pending there because it has views it does
n't have views this one doesn't work it's
working and such at no time
well caldato has collaborated with
many youtube you get along well with
all of them a lot the friendship of youtube
a lot but the fact is that almost
all the ones I have now are from youtube
but but no  it gets a little weird yeah
like a ball because this knowing this
much when looking is married to this
point also I know nothing there is no way I don't
know suddenly they
tell me is that you know youtube
now I don't know if collaborating with a
fairly crowded fan walking [ __ ]
love if it can't be if they use turines
of your best friends nowadays so
if you have any bad vibes with any
youtuber ever then I don't see you
involved in any contest
there it's that I am very peaceful I
already tell you that we are a lot of people difficult
not to clash with some yes
for example him when he released the video that they had
robbed me if the second this
last one yes there yes I received the best
quite a few criticisms on twitter
because I know that from now on of this that it
was all lies sauced and I said let's
see okay it doesn't happen to me it hurt me but in
part not anymore because it's that these people don't
know me whoever knows me knows that I'm not
going to fake a logo a rosy vision
and it screwed me but that's why because I saw
youtube so maybe I would continue
using it has the one they were trying and
I [ __ ] and  in videos even some
yes yes yes yes I felt bad and it was also
this summer and I was on vacation with
my mother and I had a pretty bad time
honestly because I've never been critical and that's what I
always do space I'm not I'm here
but and that's when they started to remove me
said Lynn
was when I saw the video trending it was
number one for three
days in a row and I said goodbye see you later
someone is going to criticize you not whatever
before the video what you
want to be trending you
had everything and now a video
that you don't you don't look for is that the video
is trending because the
video that you least expect sneaks in you can't
say I do it for this
trend well calama talk about
important things if it works it's posted it's the
hair color
[Laughs]
but I would like to say yes but well
when I had it so red well that I
had my eye there is passion for red
because I did it because my
hair is falling out I swear
well there well I felt like a little mermaid totally I
was throwing all day around the house but
what is your favorite Disney movie
to question of the classics is that  I would say
beauty and the beast pay attention to the
question that they prepared for you
totally out of the blue before if you had the
chance to choose which prince you would like to
flirt with
ah
[Music]
a bus wow haven't you noticed that
the princes in the classic disney movies
like what
like they are not well defined think
about the prince from cinderella
for example, I mean yes you ca
n't see his face very well it has never been
seen
however the princess tapas because you
imagine her in the flesh she is poorly
proportioned but one thing good that you
install disappoint imagine the genre
I don't even find one of those on the street
the neck
[Music]
of the feet the rest of the body with which
villain would be more scary to have a bad
vibe okay I was going
to say jaafar who is from America
mind aladi I
think I'm going to think
wow oh you know the one with the chair also
the clause puts a mask on you and doesn't
come for the second you go
the writers are too evil they scare
me we all did the
little mermaid as a child I hated the movie I
couldn't watch right  too scared aus the
well here we are going to see
you have seen some people have seen
some of my interviews you don't know that there
is always a personal touch from each
youtuber that passes by here I don't have
something prepared for you I don't know if it
will be available or not
how are you doing singing improvised let's
see you prepared an instrumental okay
Carla value what it has cost me a
lot of work and then you are going to
listen to some music you have to
guess what song and interpret it it is
very easy because you are generally
low take you beat me with 20 they are so
Disney for both of us for both of us okay
then I prepare an instrumental you
listen to it and you have to improvise
you have to know what songs that you are
going to know and sing the ones that seem to you I
don't tell myself
in myself I
can release with strength of passion I
cannot try to continue in my error
but that vocation
but children I
truly want to love
[Music]
wonderful things of the indes
at the level
maribel
and
[Music]
ausol 21 my name be a nap is
traveling and look what taking to an ideal world
[Music]
from afar well
Carla  Thank you so much for
being here with us, I
already experienced it in February,
leaving here in February alone if you are ready
to convert it
is like not having a companion, I am
going with others, YouTube I am
going but I am going outside of Barcelona and you
can know who it is, yes,
who it is and why, since yesterday it is official
but it has not been said anywhere, I am
going to Madrid in February to live with
Albert and I know the little one, we
were in Madrid with me on the subject of
there, good people, well, with
Pablo and with the people who, by the way, I am going to see
you, are preparing a one,
a crazy project that premieres on
Sunday and I appear on top of Lady Gaga
and it premieres on Sunday, yes, I mean, today
because today I am uploaded and mine, we
will meet in Seville, let's see if in the
next ones and we will meet yes
in a little while,
a hug, beautiful, and a kiss